# php login sample

This sample code has been created for people who are first developing it with PHP to refer to when developing the basic login page and the basic CRUD.

This source code is generated by referring to the source in the link below.

**ðŸ™ Special thanks ðŸ™ to

https://www.sourcecodester.com/tutorials/php/12348/php-pdo-login-and-registration.html


# Getting Started

The development environment was mainly carried out on the local PC in the following environment.

> A : apache : httpd-2.4.51
> 
> P : php : php-7.4.25
> 
> M : MariaDB : 10.6.4

DB creates a table for the schema as follows.

```shell
CREATE TABLE `member` (
  `mem_id` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `firstname` varchar(50) COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
  `lastname` varchar(50) COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
  `username` varchar(30) COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
  `password` varchar(12) COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
  `reg_date` varchar(14) COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`mem_id`)
) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=3 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_unicode_ci
```

register the information of the administrator in advance

```shell
INSERT INTO `member` (`mem_id`, `firstname`, `lastname`, `username`, `password` , `reg_date`) VALUES
(1, 'Administrator', '', 'admin', 'admin' , '20211203081616');
```
## Login Page

Here, it mainly handle the registration and session parts.

> On the login page, if you are a registered member, log in with your ID and password.

> If you are not a member, register on the membership registration page.


## Main Page

It moves to the screen after login, shows the information of the user table, and you can move to the edit page and the delete page.

> When a regular member logs in, it usually goes to the main screen.

> When the administrator logs in, it goes to the main screen for member management.


## Edit Page

This is the user information edit page.

> Administrators can edit a specific user's information and go to that page to edit the information.

## Delete Page

This is the user information delete page.

> Administrators can delete information for specific users.



